today on March the 3rd not know me the
3rd 2009 I will be installing not win a
3.14 ms-dos on my intel pentium
dual-core processor well it's tempting
anyway I still have a floppy drive let's
fire it up
now I am not shaking because this is
just support SATA this motherboard so
jump before that it's an old motherboard
online right and any sort something out
in the boss because it's not texting my
IDE hard drive
look let's try ms-dos
please wait such as checking your
configuration can't it's so yeah it's
just now the hard disk it takes it
personally three now get to a command
prompt so we want to restart the
computer and go into the vise and enable
a couple of features alright nice it's
from the bass I'm going to go and see on
watch device operation I'm going to
enable the IDE restart oh there's my cut
I believe this should be able to text
the they would know there is first off
risk okay
this rev it up
okay okay first time you actually use
second time actually use flash drive
because the first time years if on 2000
some rubbers so now oh god I've got a
format large right because it's on
thousand there so ski I set up and I'm
going to sort out now knocks I'm gonna
stick in one hard drive I saw all right
now we're back tend of so that's problem
is masia yeah so to figure why enter is
your research
No and social call you see the top go
lunch go slop tsk
because my daughter flip you try you're
sorry Constance up Connor basis starting
ms-dos yeah please wait it's just in
your system configuration for machines
1 2 3 4 5 6 everything
while we're wasting sorry girl moves up
I've got this we'll be installing 6.22
and this is this is just one of two and
I got two or three three or three
then I'll go straight to 95 I won't
install 3.1
so still formatting
it's right where I'm located and right
these sounds are cracks see dots Wow
stalling
whoops master decison strolling a come
lower down the camera much
while strolling on the dual-core
processor right I will pause video and
get actually right now going to search
just to for the next part of this lesson
right that's a squeeze to remove this
cup from Drive and I hit enter to reset
your computer when ms-dos didn't
so hopefully we should get into ms-dos
I'll have to run a couple of commands
just to get the full capacity
taxi starting events us oh and it stops
right
just continue see continue Josh this is
Candace
Surface Scan
so this is just gonna check it and
they're going to type in man makers get
the full capacity of my memory then I
will install
there's my five Thursday it says me
successfully installed ms-dos on your
core processor